RULES AND REGULATIONS OF
BLOCK 42 OWNERS ASSOCIATION, INC.

The primary purpose of these Rules and Regulations (“Rules”) is to protect all
Owners, and their respective tenants, visitors and guests, from annoyance and nuisance caused by
improper use of the Units and Common Elements of the unit ownership, estate established by the
Declaration of Unit Ownership Estate of Block 42, dated December , 2007, and recorded in
Book /0(-90, beginning at page //(,5 of the records of Oklahoma County, Oklahoma (the
“Declaration”). The Declaration covers the certain real property located in Oklahoma County,
Oklahoma, which is described on Exhibit “A” attached to these Rules and made a part hereof.

   

 

The full authority and responsibility for enforcing these Rules 1s vested 1n the Board
of Directors (“Board”) of the Block 42 Owners Association, Inc. (“Association”). All Owners and
their tenants, visitors and guests shall be bound by these Rules and by standards of reasonable
conduct whether covered by these Rules or not; provided, however, that neither the Board nor the
Association shall be responsible for any noncompliance or violation of these Rules by said Owners,
tenants, visitors or guests. These Rules may be amended by the Board or the Association as provided
in the Bylaws of the Association.

Owners are encouraged to read and review the Declaration and the Articles of
Incorporation and the Bylaws of the Association. These documents establish and define certain rules
and regulations not covered in this document. Together, these documents should be well considered
and heeded by all Owners and their respective tenants, visitors and guests.

The terms used herein with initial capital letters shall have the meanings given to
them in the Declaration, except as expressly otherwise provided herein. The use of any gender
herein shall be deemed to include either or both genders, and the use of the singular shall be deemed
to include the plural whenever the context so requires.

ARTICLE 1
OCCUPANCY

1.1 Use of Units. All Units shall be occupied and used by the respective Owners
thereof, their tenants, visitors.and guests, only for those purposes that are consistent with, and
appropriate to, a first-class single-family residential occupancy, subject, however, to the Declaration,
Bylaws and these Rules. The Units and the Common Elements may not be used for any other
purpose without the prior written consent of the Board of Directors.

1,2 | Pets and Other Animals. Each Owner may have a single pet having a weight
of not greater than thirty (30) pounds and otherwise in compliance with all ordinances of the City
of Oklahoma City. Each pet must be registered with the Board, which shall have the right to cause
the Owner to remove his pet from the Property if the Board determines, in its sole judgment, that the
pet is a nuisance to the Property or to any of the other Owners. Each pet shall have a “zero impact”
to the common areas of the Property. Notwithstanding this provision, visually impaired persons,
hearing impaired persons and physically impaired persons shall be allowed to keep certified
seeing-eye dogs, certified signal dogs, and certified service dogs, respectively, in their Unit. Further,
nothing herein or in the Bylaws shall hinder full access to the Units and the Common Elements by

persons with disabilities.

G:\DOCSVWCE\Urban Form\RE&R (120007)-1.wpd

 
1.3 Rights of All Owners. All persons who own an interest in a Unit, and those
who are tenants, visitors or guests of such Owners, shall have the equal right to use, occupy and
enjoy their respective Unit, and to utilize the Common Elements that are not also designated Limited

Common Elements.

1.4 Water Facilities. Toilets, sinks and other water apparatus in each Unit and
other parts of the Property shall not be used for any purpose other than those for which they are
designed, nor shall any sweepings, rubbish, rags or other articles be thrown into them. Any damage _
anywhere resulting from misuse of any toilets, sinks or other water apparatus in a Unit or other parts
of the Property shall be repaired and paid for by the Unit Owner.

1.5 Windows. To enhance the appearance of the Building, curtains, drapes,
shutters, blinds, and other window materials subject to view from the exterior shall be restricted as
to the color of the side exposed to the exterior. Only window coverings and materials which have
a white, off-white or beige color and tone are allowed and approved. Aluminum foils or other
reflective materials, bed sheets, papers and the like may not be applied to windows at any time. No
exterior screens are permitted except for sliding glass doors with approved screen doors as set forth
in the design guidelines that may be adopted by the Board. Owner is responsible for the care and
maintenance of these window coverings. Drapes, curtains, shutters, blinds and other window
materials must be kept in good condition. The Board shall have the right to compel the Owners of
a Unit to replace shabby and torn materials exposed to the exterior. Additionally, all Owners must
clean or have cleaned, on a monthly basis, those windows that are accessible from their apartments |

or balconies.

1.6 Exterior Personal Property. For aesthetic and safety purposes (1) no additional
sun shades, awnings, arbors or screens may be attached to or used on the Unit exterior windows or
over the balcony of a Unit without review and express permission and approval of the Home Owners
Association Review Committee, (2) no rugs, towels, mops or clothing shall ever be draped over
balconies or rooftop edges, (3) no permanent rug or carpeting is allowed or shall be attached to any
balcony, terrace or rooftop, (4) outdoor heating units, outdoor furniture and plants are permitted, but
are not allowed to remain outside during the winter months and care should be taken to insure that .
the items will not pose a threat to damage persons or property during windy weather conditions, (5)
flags, banners and wind chimes and other personal property not expressly listed above are not
permitted to be used or located on any balcony, terrace or rooftop without prior written consent of
the Home Owners Association Review Committee. —_

1.7 Signs. Except for the Declarant, no sign, advertisement, notice or other
lettering shall be exhibited, inscribed, painted or affixed by any Unit Owner on any part of the
exterior of any Unit, any balcony, terrace or rooftop, or on the exterior of the Building, or on the
inside of any window, or within any Common Element or Limited Common Element, without the

prior written consent of the Board.

ARTICLE 2
TEMPORARY OCCUPANCY

2-1 Use by Owner’s Tenants, Visitors and Guests. Subject to the terms of these
Rules, the Bylaws and the Declaration, an Owner may lease his Unit, but the person or persons
leasing, renting or occupying the Apartment shall abide by these Rules, the Bylaws and the
Declaration, and the Owner shall assume responsibility for the conduct of all occupants of his Unit.

G:\DOCS\JCE\Urban Form\R&R (120007)-1.wpd -2-

 
2.2 Conduct of Owner’s Tenants, Visitors and Guests. An Owner shall be

responsible for the conduct of such Owner’s employees, contractors, agents, customers, lessees,
tenants, visitors and guests, as appropriate, and shall, upon the request of the Board, immediately
abate and remove, at said Owner’s expense, any structure, thing or condition that may exist with
regard to the occupancy of said Owner’s Unit by such Owner’s employees, contractors, agents,
customers, lessees, tenants, visitors or guests contrary to the intent and meaning of the provisions
of these Rules, the Bylaws and the Declaration. Ifthe Owner is unable to control the conduct of said
employees, contractors, agents, customers, lessees, tenants, visitors or guests to conform with the
intent and meaning of the provisions of these Rules, the Bylaws and the Declaration, said Owner
shall, upon request of the Board immediately remove such employees, contractors, agents,
customers, lessees, tenants, visitors or guests from the Property premises, without compensation for
lost rentals or income, or any other damage resulting therefrom.

ARTICLE 3
COMMON AREAS, ENTRANCES, BALCONIES AND ROOFTOPS

3.1 No work of any kind, including painting or decorating, shail be done upon the
exterior of the building or any of the Units or upon any other of the Common Elements by any Unit
Owner. Such work ts the responsibility of the Association.

3.2 Noloud talking, unnecessary noises or boisterous c onduct is permitted at any
time. This includes, but is not limited to, televisions, radios and/or other sound-emitting devices.
Common courtesy shall be observed. at all times. Consideration of your neighbors will enhance the ©

enjoyment of the Property for all.

3.3. Owners will be responsible for any and all actions of their guests, lessees,
contractors, employees, agents, customers, and any other person on the common areas of the
Property by their instruction, invitation or permission.

3.4 Owners will be responsible for and bear all costs of repairs and/or replacement
for any damage to the buildings, recreational facilities, equipment, or any other common area
property, if it is determined that the damage was caused by the Owner, their guests, lessees,
contractors, employees, agents, customers, and any other person.

— 3.5 Obstruction of the corridors, lobbies, hallways or entrance ways throughout
the property is not permitted.

3.6 (No Owner shall store or place anything in the common areas, lobbies,
hallways or public areas. This includes, but is not limited to, floor or door mats at door entries,
potted plants, signage, pictures, paintings or items of furniture.

3. 7 No signs, symbols, door knockers or similar features and equipment shall be
hung, installed, o ched to 9 the door or entry area to the Unit, which can be seen from any common

area cormdor or h hallway.

3.8. Dusting, brushing or cleaning personal belongings in any common area is not
allowed.

3.9 __ Qutside antennas or signs may not be placed in the windows, on the balconies,
roof or walls of any Unit.

G:\DOCS\JCE\Urban Form\R&R (120007)-1.wpd -3-

 
3.10 Owners may not borrow or remove any equipment or property belonging to
the Association.

3.11 Thecommon areas of the Property are not to be used for sleeping. These areas
are strictly for the meeting and entertainment of Owners, their tenants, visitors and guests.

3.12 Neither residents nor their families, employees, agents, visitors, licensees or
servants shall distribute or cause to be distributed any advertising, pamphlet, free newspaper or any
other printed matter on or 1n any portion of the Property or on cars of Owners, their tenants, visitors
or guests. This includes door-to-door solicitation, electioneering, and other such activity. Please
report violators immediately to the front desk or any on-site management office.

3.13 Residents must not prop open any common area or Unit door, or perimeter
gates, at any time.

3.14 Except for rooftop areas designed for use by its Owners(s) of particular Units,
the roof areas and related mechanical rooms, if any, are off-limits for use by Owners, their tenants,
visitors or guests. The rooftop of the central tower will be available for use by all Owners, their

tenants, visitors and guests.

3.15 Scooters, skateboards and inline skates are not allowed in any of the common

areas. Bicycles are allowed in the common areas, but when not in use, they are requi red to be stored |
inside Owner Units and/or garage. Scooters and bicycles may not be temporarily parked in the
designated area for longer than twenty-four (24) hours. Scooters and bicycles may not be stored on

patios, terraces or rooftops.

3.16 Smoking 1s not allowed in any interior common areas, building corridors or
elevators.

3.17 Unless growing in the ground within a Common Element or Limited Common

Element of the Property, all plants shall be placed in containers so as to prevent the dripping of water
or soil onto other Units or the Common Elements. All exterior visible plants or decorative pots are

to be approved by the Board.

3.18 Nothing shall be thrown from windows, balconies or rooftops, especially
cigarettes and matches.

3.19 Garbage shall be disposed of only in facilities provided therefor. Garbage
containing food shall be thoroughly drained, placed in a plastic bag, and securely tied. Large trash
items shall be taken to the large receptacles provided for this purpose. Cooking scraps and wet
garbage (except bones and fibrous vegetables) should be disposed of by using the disposal in the
kitchen sink. All other disposable items are to be securely wrapped into a compact bundle and

placed in the trash receptacles on the Property.

3. 0 -No unsightliness within the public view is permitted on the Property premises.
Any unsightly or disturbing items shall be removed upon the request of the Board.

3:21, Noitems of personal property, including, but not limited to, mopeds, bicycles,
kayaks, canoes, racks, toys, beach chairs, or other items, shall be left or allowed in any of the
Common Element areas or on any balconies or rooftops. Articles of any kind left in any of the
Common Elements will be removed at the Owner’s or occupant’s risk and expense at the direction

of the Board.

G:\DOCS\JCE\Urban Form\R&R (120007)-1.wpd -4-

 
ARTICLE 4
ROADWAYS AND PARKING AREAS

Each parking garage and carport is for the exclusive use of the Owner (or tenant) of
the Unit to which it is assigned. Other parking areas are for Owners, tenants, and for a limited
number of guests and visitors. Vehicles parked in unauthorized or restricted areas, including areas
assigned to other Owners, will be towed away at the vehicle owner's expense.

4.1 Please maintain safe and proper speeds while driving in the garage areas and
on the drive. There are blind spots present.

4.2 Please use oil-catching and absorbing materials underneath your vehicle (as

may be approved by the Board) to prevent excessive staining. Please monitor the condition of those
materials and replace or clean when necessary. Excessive oil leaks and stains caused by a vehicle
will be cause for fines being imposed and/or an assessment for the cost of clean-up and repairs.
Preventative maintenance of your vehicle will help to alleviate this issue.

4.3. Deeded or assigned garages, carports and/or parking spaces are for the
exclusive use of an Owner of an Unit or such Owner’s tenant, and may not be leased; sub-leased,
sold, or otherwise separately conveyed apart from the conveyance of such Unit.

ARTICLE 5
OWNER PARKING —

5.1 Your vehicle must display a Block 42 parking pass on the lower left side of
the rear window, showing that your vehicle is registered with the Association. Such parking pass
must remain visible at all times.

5.2 Your vehicle must fit in your space and not affect any adjacent space or
walkway. Oversized vehicles, such as limousines and extra large vehicles, may not fit in your space
and, therefore, it may be necessary for you to find outside parking off of the Property.

5.3. Boats, jet skis, trailers, campers, extra large vehicles or unregistered motorized
vehicles are not permitted within the Property at any time.

5.4 Guests may not use another Unit’s parking space(s) without permission of the
Owner of such space(s). Owners must park in their assigned space(s).

5.5. No vehicle work is permitted anywhere in the garage areas. This includes,

but is not limited to, washing, waxing, changing oil, and any maintenance.

5.6 _~. Any cars parked in stalls assigned to other owners will be towed away at the
car owner’s expense, unless permission is given by the Owner and a parking permit is displayed.

5.7. No excessive noise from vehicles or revving up of engines 1s permitted.

5.8 Please take heed when opening your car doors so you do not chip the paint
off or otherwise damage your neighbor’s car.

G:\DOCS\VJCE\Urban Form\R&R (120007)-1.wpd ~45-

 
5.9 Should a car alarm continue to go off, the Association may, at the Owner’s
expense, hire a locksmith and take whatever action necessary to stop the noise. Vehicle alarms that
do not automatically go off after a short period of time are not allowed.

5.10 Storage of other personal items on open or visible parking spaces is not
allowed.

5.11 No Owner will store his or her vehicle at the Property for periods of time
when such Owner shall not be physically in residence of the Property unless otherwise approved by
the Board. All vehicle storage must occur offsite. Vehicles stored at the Property in violation of this _
rule are subject to removal by the Association, and all costs incurred in connection with such
removal, and any storage costs incurred will be charged to the violating Owner, and will, at the
election of the Association, constitute a lien against the Owner’s Unit.

5.12 Ifthe Unit is rented, the Owner’s garage will be made available to the renter.

ARTICLE 6
GUEST PARKING |

There are a limited number of guest parking spaces available within the Property. In
order to best utilize these spaces for guests of Owners of the Property, the following rules shall

apply:

6.1 Guest parking 1s subject to daily availability on a first-come, first-served basis,
and the Association does not reserve or guarantee parking for anyone.

6.2 Owners whose assigned parking space is unoccupied may use it for their
guest(s) to park in. However, the Owner is not permitted to park in a guest parking space in order
to permit the guest to park in the Owner’s assigned parking space.

6.3. No guest will be permitted to park in a guest parking space for more than 12
consecutive hours.

6.4 Vehicles remaining in guest parking spaces for a period of time exceeding the
time limit set forth above shall be subject to towing at the Owner’s and/or guest's expense.

6.5 Parking is at the risk of the vehicle owner or person driving the vehicle. The
Association, its agents, the Board, and the Managing Agent are held harmless, and are not liable for
any damages and/or losses whatsoever related to vehicle at the Property.

ARTICLE 7

PARKING AREA ENFORCEMENT

7.1. Violations of the parking regulations enumerated above shall be subject to the
following:

First Violation. The Association’s officers or personnel will monitor the guest
parking areas and place a removable red sticker on vehicles that do not have a valid
temporary parking permit. The violation will be noted in the record and list the license

G:\DOCS\JCE\Urban Form\R&R (120007)-1.wpd -6-

 
number of the vehicle. If the car is not moved within twenty-four (24) hours, the car 1s
subject to towing at car owner’s expense and a fifty dollar ($50.00) fine to the Owner
responsible for the guest, if applicable.

Second Violation. The car is subject to towing at the car owner's expense,
and the responsible Owner will also pay a fifty dollar ($50.00) fine. NO WARNING WILL
BE GIVEN.

7.2 | The roadways and driveways of the Property must not be obstructed or used

for any purpose other than ingress and egress. Obstructions, equipment, materials, pallets or other
loading gear or machinery shall not be left in any parking area or Common Element so as to interfere
with the normal flow of traffic or so as to create a nuisance to other Owners or occupants.

7.3 Nocars, trucks or other vehicles may be parked or left unattended at any
loading areas or 1n the driveways.

7.4 Each Owner shall be responsible to register his vehicle with the Association.

7.5 | When workmen are performing work on a Unit or if any. occupant orders
deliveries of any kind, the Owner or occupant shall advise them to use a guest parking space in the
parking area or to park on the street.

7.6 Parking at the Property shall be controlled by the Board.

7.7 Violators of parking regulations shall have their cars, trucks or other vehicles
or gear towed away or removed at their expense. Ifthe violator is an employee, agent, lessee, tenant,
visitor or guest of an Owner, the Owner shall be held responsible for payment of the towing or

removal charge.

| 7.8 The Board has the power to modify and/or waive parking area enforcement
fines in its sole discretion. ~~

7.9 Nostorage of property shall be permitted on any open or visible parking areas.

7.10 Under no circumstances shall flammable or explosive items be placed 1n any
Unit, garage or carport.

ARTICLE 8
NOISE AND NUISANCES

8.1. Generally. No nuisances shall be allowed in the Property nor shall any use
or practice be allowed which is improper or offensive in the opinion of the Board or in violation of
the Declaration, the Bylaws or these Rules or which unreasonably interferes with or 1s an
unreasonable annoyance to the peaceful possession or proper use of the Property by other Owners
or occupants. Owners are responsible at all times for the reasonable conduct of themselves, their
employees, contractors, agents, customers, lessees, tenants, visitors and guests. Loud or boisterous
conduct anywhere on the Property, including individual Units, which disturbs the comfort and quiet
enjoyment of others, is prohibited. In the event a neighbor or guest is causing a disturbance, the
person being inconvenienced may telephone the Property security monitoring company at the time
of the disturbance. If possible and when appropriate, however, an Owner should attempt to politely

 

G:DOCS\JCE\Urban Form\R&R (120007)-1.wpd -/-

 
inform their neighbor of the disturbance and give the neighbor the opportunity to eliminate the
disturbance.

8.2 Excessive Noise. All Owners and occupants shall avoid excessive noise of
any kind at any time and shall consider the quiet enjoyment of other Owners and occupants of the
Property at all times. Excessive noise at any time should be reported to the Board which will take
appropriate action. Should noise transmission create a disturbance or a nuisance, it is the
responsibility of the Owner, not the Declarant, the Association or the Board, to abate the noise
transmission. Speakers and floor-supported musical instruments (.e., pianos and organs) must be
properly isolated from direct contact to floors and walls in order to minimize vibrations. In order |
to ensure the comfort of all Owners, radios, stereo and television sets, and any and all other such
audio equipment generating noise in excess of forty (40) decibels should be turned down to a
minimum volume so as not to disturb other occupants between the hours of 10:00 p.m and 8:00 a.m.
All other unnecessary or excessive noises between these hours should be avoided. Violations will

be promptly referred to the Board for enforcement.

8.3. Objectionable Odors. Owners and occupants shall not cause or permit any
disturbing or objectionable odors to emanate from their respective Unit. These include, but are not

limited to, cooking, cleaning, painting and smoking.

8.4 Advertising. Advertising anywhere on the Property 1s prohibited without prior
written consent of the Board. a

8.5 Solicitation. There shall be no solicitation by any person anywhere within the
Property of any cause, business enterprise, charity or purpose whatsoever, unless specifically
authorized in writing by the Board, except that the Developer under the Declaration may engage in
marketing the Units at the Property and will control the activities conducted 1 in the Declarant’ s Units

retained for display and business purposes.

8.6 Machines and Equipment. All data-pr rocessing, computer, graphic arts and
printing facilities, business machines and equipment, kitchen equipment and all other mechanical
equipment installed and used in any Unit shall be designed, installed, maintained and used by the
Owner and any occupant of such Unit at the expense of such Owner or occupant, so. as to minimize
insofar as possible, and, in any event, to reduce to a reasonably acceptable level, the transmission
of noise, vibration, electric static, ¢ odors and other objectionable transmissions from such Apartment
to any other area of the buildings or Common Elements.

ARTICLE 9
MOVING AND FURNITURE MOVES

9.1. . \When moving in or out, Owners and tenants must coordinate their schedules
with the Board at least one (1) week in advance and also submit a refundable three hundred-dollar
($300.00) security deposit. To insure full return of the deposit, each Owner or such Owner’s
designated representative will be accompanied by a member of the Association’s staff on a

“pre/post” move in/out inspection of the area to be traveled during the move.

9.2 Prior to any move, Owners shall provide the Association with a certificate of

insurance for workers’ compensation and liability insurance with minimum limits of one million
dollars ($1,000,000.00) for the moving company, naming the Association as additionally insured.

G:DOCS\JCE\Urban Form\R&R (120007)-1.wpd -8-

 
_ 9.3 Each tower in the Property has one elevator serving each tower, which
elevator can be used for moving furniture, appliances and other personal property within such part
of the Property, subject to the rights of the Owners of Units in the tower and their respective tenants,
guests and invitees to have continuing reasonable access and use of the elevator, 1.e. each elevator,
must be available for use by all Owners. Moving is allowed only on Monday through Friday 9:00
a.m until 5:00 p.m. and Saturdays 8:00 a.m until 4:00 p.m. and 1s prohibited on Sundays and holidays
unless other arrangements are made in advance and approved by the Board or a designated

Association representative.

9.4 All finished floor areas and Common Elements are to be protected with carpet
runners as appropriate. The protective coverings must be removed and the floor cleaned by 5:00

P.M. each day.

9.5 The moving company must ensure that the elevator is padded at all times
during moving.

9.6 All trash and debris must be carried off-site on a daily basis by your moving
company. The trash facilities may not be used for the disposal of debris.

9.7. Moving vans are not allowed on the Property and must be parked on 4 Street
so as not to obstruct entries, exits or walkways.

G:\DOCS\JCE\Urban Form\R&R (120007)-1.wpd -9-

 
_ EXHIBIT “G”
Unit Designations and Descriptions

Unit 1 is located as shown on Exhibit "E, " contains approximately 3, 195 square :

feet, has 10 rooms, and has immediate access to the courtyard, which isa Common _

a Element. An undivided 4.25% interest in the Common Elements 1 1S allocated to
— Unitl. | a oe - 7

Unit 2 is located as shown on Exhibit "E," contains approximately 1,638 square —

feet, has 7 rooms, and has immediate access to the courtyard, which isa Common _

Element. An undivided 2. 18% interest in the Common Elements 1S allocated to :
— Unit 2. oe | J ,

Unit 3 is located as shown on Exhibit "EB," contains approximately 1 663 square 7

_ feet, has 7 rooms, and has immediate access to the courtyard, which isa Common |

- Element. An undivided 2.21% interest in the Common Elements is allocated to.
Unit 4 is located as shown on Exhibit "E," contains approximately 1,638 square —
feet, has 7 rooms, and has immediate access to the courtyard, whichis aCommon _

_ Element. An undivided 2.18% interest in the Common Elements 1s allocated to _

Unit 5 Ts located as shown on Exhibit "E," contains approximately l 663 square

feet, has 7 rooms, and has immediate access to the courtyard, which isa Common

Element. An undivided 2. 21% interest in the Common Elements 1s allocated to -

Unit 6 is located as shown on Exhibit "EB," contains approximately 970 square feet, _

has 3 rooms, and has immediate access to.a common hallway and an elevator, a

which are Common Elements. . An undivided 1.29% interest in the Common 7
Elements is allocated to Unit 6. CY re

- Unit 7 is located as shown on Exhibit "E," contains approximately 1,302 square

feet, has 5 rooms, and has immediate access to a common hallway and an elevator, —

which are Common Elements. An undivided 1.73% interest in the Common .
Elements 1s allocated to Unit 7. |

Unit 8 is located as shown on Exhibit "E," contains approximately 971 square feet,
has 3 rooms, and has immediate access to a common hallway and an elevator,
_which are-Common Elements. An undivided 1.29% interest in the Common
_ Elements iS allocated to Unit 8. an oo a

Unit 9 is located as shown on Exhibit "E," contains approximately 1 302 square -
feet, has Sr rooms, and has immediate access to a common hallway and an elevator,
which are Common Elements. An undivided 1.73% interest in the Common
Elements is allocated to Unit9. > : a ee

G:\DOCSVCE\U rban Form\Decl (120007)-1.wpd

 
Unit 10 is located as shown on Exhibit "E," contains approximately 2,297 square -
feet, has 7 rooms, and has immediate access to the elevator, which is a Common —
_ Element. An undivided 3.05% interest in the Common Elements is allocated to

Unit 11 is located as shown on Exhibit "B" contains approximately 2,697 square

_ feet, has 7 rooms, and has immediate access to the courtyard, which is a Common |
Element. An undivided 3.58% interest in the Common Elements is allocated to
~Unitll oe nr

‘Unit 12 is located as shown on Exhibit "B,” contains approximately 2,884 square

feet, has 9 rooms, and has immediate access to the courtyard, which is a Common |

Element. An undivided 3.83% interest in the Common Elements is allocated to _ |

Unit12,

Unit 13 is located as shown on Exhibit "E," contains approximately 2,697 square.

feet, has 7 rooms, and has immediate access to the courtyard, which isa Common _

Element. An undivided 3.58% interest in the Common Elements is allocated to
Unit 13. | _ oe a ea ve vdrtnbete

Unit 14 1s located as shown on Exhibit "E," contains approximately 925 square
feet, has 5 rooms, and has immediate access to the courtyard and common hallway, _
which are Common Elements. An undivided 1.23% interest in the Common
- Elements is allocated to Unit 14. Be oe OR a

Unit 15 is located as shown on Exhibit "E," contains approximately 879 square

feet, has 5 rooms, and has immediate access to a common hallway and the |
courtyard, which are Common Elements. An undivided 1.17% interest in the _
_. Common Elements 1s allocated to Unit 15. /-] - - _

- Unit 16 is located as shown on Exhibit "E,” contains approximately 879 square

feet, has 5 rooms, and has immediate access to a common hallway and the —
_ courtyard, which are Common Elements. An undivided 1.17% interest in the
- Common Elements is allocated to Unit 16. | 7 an -

_ Unit 17 is located as shown on Exhibit "E," contains approximately 925 square —
feet, has 5 rooms, and has immediate access to a common hallway and the.
courtyard, which are Common Elements. An undivided 1.23%% interest in the.
Common Elements is allocated to Unit 17. —— ne

_ Unit 18 is located as shown on Exhibit "E," contains approximately 1,213 square
feet, has 5 rooms, and has immediate access to a common hallway and an elevator,
which are.;Common Elements. An undivided 1.61% interest in the Common —
Elements is allocated to Unit 18. | OO ae

_/Unit.19 is located.as shown on Exhibit "E," contains approximately 1,607 square
feet, has 7 rooms, and has immediate access to a common hallway and an elevator, —
which are Common Elements. An undivided 2.14% interest in the Common
Elements is allocated to Unit 19. — a BO oe

¢

_ GADOCSVCEWUrban Form\Decl (120007}-L.wpd =

 
Unit 20 is located as s shown on Exhibit "E, " ' contains approximately 1,199 square -
feet, has 5 rooms, and has immediate access to a common. hallway and an elevator, —

which are Common Elements. _ An undivided 1.59% interest in the Common

Elements is allocated to Unit 20.

Unit 21 is located as shown on Exhibit "B, " contains approximately 1 545 square

feet, has 7 rooms, and has immediate access to a common hallway and an elevator, _
which are Common Elements. An undivided 2.05% interest in the Common -
Elements 1 is allocated to Unit 21. oe oO —— tes

Unit 22 is located as shown | on Exhibit "E," contains approximately 1 213 ‘square a
feet, has 5 rooms, and has immediate access to a common hallway and an elevator,
which are Common Elements. An undivided 1 61% interest in the Common oe

_ Elements is allocated to Unit 22.

Unit 23 is located as shown on Exhibit "E," contains approximately | 1,607 square -
feet, has 7 rooms, and has immediate access to a common hallway and an elevator,

- which are Common Elements. An undivided 2.14% interest in the Common | oe

- Elements 1 1s allocated to Unit 23.

Unit 24 is located as ‘shown on Exhibit "EB " contains approximately 1,199 square . a i :
_ feet, has 5 rooms, and has immediate access to a common hallway and an elevator,

which are Common. Elements. An undivided 1.59% interest in the = Pam
_ Elements is allocated to Unit 24. Ce oe

Unit 25 is located as shown on 1 Exhibit "E," contains approximatel ly 1 545 ‘square -
feet, has 7 rooms, and has immediate access to a common hallway and an elevator, _

- which are Common Elements. An undivided 2. 05% intere est m the Common

Elements 1 1S allocated to Unit 25.

Unit 26 1s located as shown on Exhibit np contains approximately 2 673, square |
feet, has 10 rooms, and has immediate access to a common hallway and an

elevator, which are Common Elements. An undivided 3.55% interest in the | 7

Common Elements 1s allocated to Unit 26. —

_ Unit 27 is located as shown on Exhibit."E," contains approximately 1,213 square ©
feet, has 5 rooms, and has immediate access to a common hallway and an elevator, —
which are Common Elements. An undivided 1.61% interest m the Common |

Elements is allocated to Unit 27. | a oo

Unit 28 is located as shown on Exhibit "E, " contains approximately 1 545 square
feet, has 7 rooms, and has immediate access to a common hallway and an elevator, —
which are Common Elements. An undivided 2. 05% interest in_ the Common _
_ Elements is allocated to Unit 28. a ,

Unit 29 is loc cated as shown on Exhibit "E. " contains approximately 5, 246 square :
feet, has 15 rooms, and has immediate access to an elevator, which is a Common
Element. An undivided 6.99% interest in the Common Elements i is allocated to
Unit.29. oe ee a

G:\DOCS\JCE\Urban Form\Decl (120007)-1.wpd a oo -3-

 
- Unit 30 is located as shown on Exhibit "E," contains approximately 2,697 square =.
feet, has 7 rooms, and has immediate access to the courtyard, which is a Common

- Element. An undivided 3. 58% interest in the Common Elements iS allocated to.

~ Unit 30. —— | Oo

/ Unit 31 is “located as shown on Exhibit "E," contains approximately 2,884 square
feet, has 9 rooms, and has immediate access to the courtyard, which is a Common
Element. An undivided 3. 83% interest in the Common Elements 1S allocated to

‘Unit 31.

~ Unit 32 1s located as shown on Exhibit "BE, " contains approximately 2, 697 square

feet, has 7 rooms, and has immediate access to the courtyard, which isa Common

Element. An undivided 3. 38% interest in the Common Elements 1S allocated to
Unit32, ~~ oe ;

Unit 33 is located. as shown on Exhibit "E," contains approximately 971 square .
feet, has 3 rooms, and has immediate access to a common hallway and an elevator, |
which are Common Elements. An undivided 1.29% interest in the Common \-
Elements 1s allocated to Unit 33. a - No

Unit 34 is Jocated as shown on Exhibit "E," contains approximately 1 302 square
_ feet, has 5 rooms, and has immediate access to a common hallway and an elevator,
which are Common Elements. An undivided 1.73% interest \in the Common _
Elements is allocated to Unit 34. ARN VG

Unit 35 3 is located as shown on Exhibit "E," contains ‘approximatély 970 square

feet, has 4 rooms, and has immediate access toa common hallway and an elevator,

which are ‘Common Elements. An undivided 1.29% interest in the Common
| Elements is allocated to Unit 35. ) oe Be

Unit 36 is located as shown on Exhibit t "E," contains approximately ] 302, square —

feet, has 5 rooms, and has immediate access to a common hallway and an elevator,

which are Common Elements. « An undivided 1 1.73% interest in the Common .

Elements is allocated to Unit 36.

Unit 37 is located as shown on Exhibit "EB," contains approximately 2 297 square ~
feet, has 8 rooms, and has immediate access to the elevator, which is a Common |
Element. An undivided 3 05% interest in the Common Elements 1S. allocated to

Unit 37. — a a

Unit 38 is located as shown on Exhibit "E," contains approximately 1,663 square
feet, has 7 rooms, and has immediate access to the courtyard, which is a Common

_ Element..An undivided 2.21% interest in the Common Elements is allocated to _

Unit 38.

» Unit 39 is lo ited as shown on Exhibit "EO" contains approximately 1 638 Square
feet, has 7 rooms, and has immediate access to the courtyard, which is a Common _
Element. An undivided 2. 18% interest In the Common Elements 1 Is allocated to

— Unit 39.

— GADOCS\ICE\Urban Form\Decl (120007)-Il.wpd 4

 
Unit 40 is located as shown on Exhibit "E," contains approximately 1 663 square.
feet, has 7 rooms, and has immediate access to the courtyard, which isa Common
Element. An undivided 2. 21% interest in the Common Elements is allocated to

: Unit 40.

| Unit 41 is located as shown | on Exhibit "E, " contains approximately 1, 638 ‘square
- feet, has 7 rooms, and has immediate access to the courtyard, which is a Common |
Element. An undivided 2. 18% interest in the Common Elements 1S allocated to

— Unit 41.

Unit 42 is located as shown on Exhibit "E, " contains approximately 3, 195 square - |
feet, has 13 rooms, and has immediate access to the courtyard, which isaCommon |
Element. An undivided 4. 29% interest in 1 the Common Elements is allocated to

«Unit 42.

GADOCS\VICE\Wrban Form\Dect (120007-I.wpd =

 
